chore: remove obsolete proto folder (#359)
googleapis/python-cloudbuild: UPGRADING.md

In the 2.0.0 release, all methods have a single positional parameter `request`. Method docstrings indicate whether a parameter is required or optional.

> Some methods have additional keyword only parameters. The available parameters depend on the parameters specified by the API producer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some methods have additional keyword-only parameters. The available parameters depend on the [`google.api.method_signature` annotation](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis/blob/master/google/devtools/cloudbuild/v1/cloudbuild.proto#L82) provided by the API producer.
```
The linked-to proto is not in this repo, so keeping the link is fine IMO.

 Alternately, if we want to remove the link, we could say `s/annotation specified/specification provided/` to avoid too much repetition of the word "parameter."
